Brands, especially FMCGs, rely on retail consumer insights and purchasing behavior. Unless they own the point-of-sale systems of retailers, they can only rely on indirect data from AC Nielsen, Kantar, and Euromonitor. We wish to provide a service allowing crowd-sourced receipt scanning for brand companies (such as FMCGs, Pharmaceuticals, or indirectly via digital marketing agencies serving them) in the Philippines to get consumer purchasing behavior insights. Consumers will scan their grocery receipts and send these via FB Messenger. In exchange, the brands will reward them with loyalty points. The way we plan to make money is through brands paying us 1) setup and integration fees and 2) monthly maintenance and cloud hosting fees (through a SaaS model).

Our co-founding team includes a software developer who is also good at data engineering. The other co-founder is good at product management and business development. Both are graduates of Management Engineering, a prestigious business program in Ateneo de Manila University. The business education background, together with the computer science discipline, helps bridge technology with the business needs of the marketing stakeholders.

The founders have already entered into a Co-Founders' Agreement. There are no financial projections yet, but we do not need much money initially because we are not building from scratch. The foundation of the product already has the tech stack used in a previous engagement with an FMCG, so we are not building this from scratch. As such, a prototype already exists and we will be ready to set up an MVP at any time. Since this has already been used in a paid engagement, we are confident that marketing organizations need a solution like this. Besides, we got the last opportunity by accident because competitors either backed out or were too expensive for our client. The last engagement paid us around PHP 2 Million. As such, all these form part of our initial market validation.

We will bootstrap this initially, with around P300K from our savings from that last paid engagement. The co-founders will not get salaries for the next 12 months. Other solutions out there are too expensive, and the scans are inaccurate. Ours does not require much training of receipts data, and we make good use of AWS services.
